
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6332, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q5, Summer 2024   (c) DL, UTA, 2024


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please show or send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder. 
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
    The cloud provider is MS Azure.

 5. Upload all data files (*jpg and *csv, not this quiz) to the cloud service.

 6. You will need to be able to open several input boxes in your web applicationn running on the cloud.
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:
 
 For ALL of the following visualizations, please: ensure the diagram fills between 75% to 85% of the screen,
 make sure that there are appropriate labels (on axis, charts)
 You must do part 10, before part 11, or 12

 10. On a web form we will give you a command to add, delete or modify food entries in the food table,
     that is we will add, remove, and/or modify the name of a food, the price or the quantity.
     The intitial values are in that food table.
     For each command, please show the updated food table.

 11. In a pie chart, with different colors for each slice, we will give you a value N, show us the N
     entries in the food table with the N largest quantities with each slice proportional in size to
     the quantity. (For N = 2, those are candy and figs) Please label the food name and quantity on the
     outside of each slice.

 12. On a horizontal bar chart, with each bar colored blue, with each bar labeled on the inside of the bar,
     given a value N, please show a bar chart with the N most expensive (price) foods stacked from low to high
     price. 

 13. On a point (or scatter) chart please show the point data on a chart, where each point is in the appropriate
     x, y, location and it's color represents the quantity: red if less than 100, blue if between 100 and 1000,
     and otherwise green. Allow additional points to be added (NOT modified or removed) on a web form.

 14. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts 10,11,12,13

 15. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

